let's be clear the patient which is the
economy the market and society is still
in hospital is still vulnerable and the
reason why I feel better is twofold
one is I speak to medical professionals
every day they feel better for the
reasons you've cited we are trying to
starve the virus from the ability to
spread which is a good thing and the
second reason is we had a third laser
focus said action we can probably have
two more and I'm really happy to see
that the ECB has responded so someone
feel better but the patient us all of us
collectively we sit in the hospital and
we still vulnerable okay and of all the
government and fiscal programs being
bandied about what we need to do all of
them and even that is what necessary but
not sufficient or we're getting near the
point where will we be able to figure
out what is sufficient so first we
wanted a financial deal everything to be
minimized and not make the economic
deleveraging which is enough inevitable
worse we have to understand that the
economic deleveraging is worse people
are getting laid off it's awful but
that's the reality
we don't want on top of that a financial
disorder so it's great to see the
central bank's trying to backstop
different facilities it's great to see
them have more of a laser focus mind I
wish I had it before but they're there
and I commend them on that when it comes
to what to do on the economy I think we
have to be disciplined sure we have to
be disciplined in two ways one is
understand what policy can do and cannot
do it can certainly protect the most
vulnerable it can certainly support
balance sheets it can certainly help
critical sector it cannot we start
economic activity we shouldn't waste
money on that right now the time will
come but later and as to who we bailout
let's be clear going in why are we doing
it how we doing it when and what are the
conditions including the exit strategy
otherwise it's going to be completely
chaotic Mohamed I hate to say it but I'm
already into the chaotic stage when it
comes
the bailouts that seem to be on the
table which are idiosyncratic industry
by industry I'm worried about the
long-term social ramifications of some
of these given how idiosyncratic they
are what taxpayers are going to get or
not from them and how what kind of
politics that's gonna create in the
future I'm also concerned as I've been
talking all morning about the number of
CEOs that I keep talking to who were
literally laying off people yesterday as
I was on the telephone with them and I'm
trying to think through the
ramifications of or the implications of
what can be done today to keep them from
making that decision or whether that
decision has to be let go at this point
whether it can be taken care of somehow
retro actively or in the future when you
want to restart the economy but as you
said restarting the economy is something
that's very complicated and difficult
for policy makers it is and this
conflict that an individual CEO has
between collective responsibility
don't lay off people versus individual
responsibility I don't know how long
this is gonna last every single bit of
my income statement and my balance is
getting hit is a hard one and and people
have to solve it I think collectively
we're better off if we if we sow
collective responsibility but that's
easy for me to say I'm no longer CEO on
on the bailouts we have to understand
that Boeing and the airlines are not
exceptions this is notion that somehow
travel is an exception it is not it is a
leading indicator of what everybody else
is feeling and it's going to feel maybe
not as extreme but restaurants
hairdresser barbershops I have a whole
list of sectors that have been shut down
completely just like travel so before we
wash to West few sectors that we think
are exceptions we have to understand
that this is a general shock not just
nationally but globally and we have to
have principles that guide our policy
intervention and hey Mohammad that's a
really good point because it's not well
just on that point you know movie
theater owners are now asking for it to
you kind of go down
the line of the industry what what what
kind of rules of the road would you
suggest if we are looking at which
industries to save or who to bail out
who to give loans to to always start
with more of a technocratic answer and
then let politics play in so you want to
protect the sectors that are key to the
economy key being the strategic they are
the national security and they employ
lots of people you've got to focus on
what really matters you've got to make
sure that when you come in you don't
bail out every single element of the
capital structure because if you do that
the amount of mall has it you can
introduce and we've already had central
banks introduced a ton of mall has it
and that's contributed to where we are
today so you've got to be careful and
finally you need an exit strategy what
are we going to get for it how do how do
we the taxpayer share in the upside so
there are issues you can do going in and
do that in a room rather than then
create policy and respond to various
requests because you're gonna create so
many precedents that's going to be
totally chaotic
you